How did you get in?
confide
Susu he gave me the key
Ah!
So you already know
So many years
You live like that with your little brother alone
Why didn't you tell me?
I thought I had suffered enough
I didn't expect you to suffer more than me
I can learn to be indifferent
Learn to be cruel
Learn to forget
Don't let people give up
Downpour in my heart
We cried and laughed together
In a foreign country, the younger brother needs an identity to go to school
To heal and I see you so happy
I can't bear to bother you.
Sorry.
Get up.
The food is cold
I'm going to fry the rest of the dishes
Your favorite pork ribs soup
come
You try it
Stomach hasn't changed
Can we make up?
I'm afraid to hold your hand